March has just been a fantastic
record-breaking month for us. Throughout
the month,
>> how quickly would you say it was until
you started seeing an uptick in actual
demo requests?
>> About month two, we started to see a
significant uptick in traffic. Just a
few months, we managed to double the
number of leads, the number of qualified
demo requests we're seeing coming
through. We've gone from the majority of
our leads coming from paid surge to now
about a 60/40 split where we're seeing
the majority coming from organic. We
brought Breaking B2 to be on. Our goal
really was to by the first quarter of
this year double the number of demo
requests that we're receiving and I'm
happy to say, you know, we've achieved
that goal.
>> Hey, could you please introduce yourself
and give us a quick summary of your
company and what your company does?
>> Sure. So, my name is Tyler Ball. I'm a
co-founder here with Kubru. Uh so we're
a Salesforce application development
house. And our primary product Kubaru is
an assignment solution for Salesforce
that automates the routing of leads,
cases, and other records to users on
sales teams and support teams in the
Salesforce environments.
>> Great stuff. Ty, could you describe what
SEO, AI search, kind of ranking on
Google organic, and showing up on LM and
AI search looked like before you started
working with us at Breaking B2B?
>> Uh yeah, sure. It was it was a mess. So
you know we've always been a product
first company. So we decided at the
outset when we started this application
and that we really wanted to focus on
product quality and put feature
development and R&D over marketing and
sales. But we positioned the product
very well and so we made the decision
last year that it was time for us to
start to focus now that our product is
positioned as the leader in our space on
our our marketing, our brand image and
also on driving more traffic through our
salesunnel. And so for SEO and PPC
really that was something managed by me
and my my partners at the outset. Uh we
didn't really collaborate much with
outside teams. We just sort of did it
internally and it was always a second
thought something that didn't really
take much priority for us. So before we
brought Breaking B2B on our goal really
was to try to uh to set a goal to by the
first quarter of this year double the
number of demo requests that we're
receiving. And I'm happy to say, you
know, we've achieved that goal. And so
we're seeing in very, very quick
fashion. I mean, we just brought you
guys on in the beginning of December.
And since then, in just a few months, we
managed to double the number of leads,
the number of qualified demo requests
we're seeing coming through. And also,
we expect to see that obviously result
in a doubling of sales down the road.
>> Love to hear that. And how long would
you say it kind of took? So, I know
we're we're in March now, and you
mentioned kind of December is when
things really started firing up. How
long would you say it took until kind of
you felt some impact from the SEO and AI
search work we were doing?
>> Sure. I mean, I would say, you know,
really was about month two where we
started to see a significant uptick in
traffic. And I think, you know, with AI,
that's kind of expediting the typical
sales cycle that you would see and and
sort of the marketing cycle you would
see. So typically in the past, you know,
I I used to be director of marketing for
a company and worked quite a bit on SEO
content strategy and you know, we would
look at typically like a sixmonth time
frame. So if we put serious investment
in SEO, we would look to see benefit
coming out of that in 6 months. But I
think with AI, it's really shortening
those cycles. So now, you know, if you
can get quality content up, especially
that bottom of funnel content that's
going to reach people that are in that
buy phase, and they're searching on AI,
you can rank very quickly. You can
outpace your competitors, and you see
the benefits of that as a company very
quickly. So instead of 6 months, you're
looking at 1 to two months for that
cycle. Now,
>> great stuff. Yeah, completely agree. The
thing is AI search chatbt has changed
such so things so much like you say like
folks are doing a lot of their
evaluation their research their
comparisons all within tools like chatbt
claude and similar and in many times
getting those brands that are
recommended and then maybe even heading
direct to your website when they're
ready or typing your brand name into
Google once they've gotten the
recommendation. So like you say making
sure you're recommended is super
important now.
>> Absolutely.
>> Good stuff. I suppose what are there any
hesitations that you had and feel free
to be as brutal and blunt as possible
like before you wor with us I imagine
you were comparing a few different
companies agencies kind of some some
hesitations or drawbacks you might have
seen. Yeah, you know, we had as we sort
of began to explore potential
partnerships for SEO, we did talk to a
number of groups and it seemed like the
focus was primarily on top of funnel
content, blog posts that would generate
a lot of traffic, but not necessarily a
lot of people that are directly
interested in making a purchasing
decision. And I think that that's kind
of the easy content developed, easy to
create, you know, volume heavy keyword
dense content targeting top of funnel
and getting lots of traffic to the site.
But that really wasn't what we were
interested in. And so that's actually
what sort of drew us to breaking B2B was
your focus on bottom ofunnel content,
trying to get people that are already in
that buying phase into the funnel. And
so that really was what sold us. So not
really hesitancy on art of, you know,
breaking B2B. We were very excited once
we found you guys that started seeing
what you were doing. But certainly, you
know, in terms of looking at different
agencies out there, that was the biggest
concern we had is we didn't want to just
bring on somebody that was going to
create top ofunnel content.
>> No, understood. How quickly would you
say it was until you started seeing an
uptick in actual demo requests cuz I
know you said they've now doubled since
we've partnered. We started so we put
the first batch of content in early from
you guys up on the site in early to mid
December and then it was in around I
would say midFebruary we started to see
those tick up and March has just been
you know a fantastic record-breaking
month for us throughout the month and so
yeah we're very very excited to see that
trend hopefully continue to tick up.
>> Awesome. And I think you might have
mentioned like before you were quite
reliant on Google ads and paid search
and now SEO and AI search might have
overtaken that in terms of inbound flow.
>> Yes. and and that was a big concern for
us uh because we were able to drive uh
effective traffic through paid search
but it was we're just heavily dependent
on that channel and with changes in paid
search and people being sort of drawn
away from typical you know SERs and
looking at just the search engine
traffic pages and relying more on AI and
AI not quite yet being fully monetized
so that we could advertise in it. We
were concerned that that traffic would
just start to dry up. And we haven't
really seen that traffic dry up yet. And
that's great. But our real purpose with
sort of bringing you guys on was to
balance out our portfolio of different
marketing channels and just start to
drive traffic from other channels, make
ourselves less dependent on paid search.
And so we've gone from uh the majority
of our leads coming from paid search, I
would say the vast majority of them
coming from paid search to now about a
60/40 split looking at traffic over the
last couple months where we're seeing
the majority coming from organic and so
that's great to see. Certainly
unexpected for us and so we're
pleasantly surprised with that.
>> Awesome. Yeah, really pleased that
that's it's worked so well. And I
suppose based on kind of the results
that we've seen so far, what kind of
results do you think we might see in the
next kind of 6 to 12 months? Well, I
certainly think there's a lot of room to
grow and so we're hoping to continue to
drive this up. We are in the process of
bringing on somebody to manage sales and
support so that it's not something that
our current small team is having to uh
shoulder ourselves and uh so we're
looking to try to drive continue to
drive that traffic up. Uh you know, I'd
like to see that double again uh and
over the next six months. We're also
expanding other channels as well like
event marketing and hopefully as we
bring on more individuals to involve
them in the sales process, we're hoping
to just improve our sales and
opportunity velocity and try to close
more of these deals that we're now
landing.
>> Yeah, it makes sense and it's it's
always nice to hear when teams are
building out to work with the inbound
demand. Funny enough, we're at a similar
spot at the time recording for Breaking
B2B. We were chatting offline that we're
also looking to recruit for sales. So,
looks like we're in quite a similar spot
in terms of growth, which is nice. And
last one for you, Tyler. If anyone
tuning into this is perhaps comparing
options or maybe on the fence about
working with Breaking B2B for their B2B
or SAS SEO and AI search, what would you
want to share with them?
>> Oh, well, I would, you know, want to say
that SEO and especially GEO, AI focused
SEO content is the future of marketing.
I think that, you know, we will start to
see PPC start to monetize that AI space
and hopefully eventually that'll become
effective again. But I think there's
going to be quite a period here, a gap
where PBC is just not going to be as
effective and it's going to be more
competitive than ever. You're going to
be spending more for every click. And so
I think it's important to balance that
out with good SEO. And especially SEO
that's bottom ofunnel that's geared
specifically for AI. And uh I think you
know when we look at traditional SEO
strategies, uh one of the concerns for
us is developing top offunnel content.
You know generic articles that just
bring in lots of traffic. that's not
going to be effective when it comes to
AI anymore. It's easy for AI to just
scrape that content and then you get
reap none of the benefits of the content
that you developed. But with bottom of
funnel, that is going to be I think the
most effective channel moving forward
with AI because it doesn't matter
whether you're getting leads that are
coming in from Claude or OpenAI or
wherever that may be. As long as you
have good content that's driving leads
to your site, they'll be able to find
you whether that's through AI or other
channels and come and convert. And so I
think that we're going to see more and
more dependence on that as that grows.
>> I appreciate it, sir. Thanks for taking
the time.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Thank you.
>> And if you want to see if we can scale
your demos, signups, pipeline, and
revenue as quick as 90 days, just like
we did for Tyler and the Cubaru team,
why not grab a call with us over at
breaking B2B.com? We can chat through
exactly where you're at now, where you'd
like to get to, and see if we're a great
fit to help with your SEO and AI search
for pipeline revenue, not the vanity.
Oh, and if you're not ready, why not
instantly unlock my 90 days to revenue
SEO playbook and mini video over at
breakingb2b.com and hit that newsletter
tab to unlock it instantly. Catch you on
the next one. Jazz.